adds documentation for configuring github repo discovery (#188)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/getting-started/adding-components/index.md

![our component visible on the other tab of Backstage](./component-on-other-tab.png)

## Configuring Backstage to auto discover github repositories using the github discovery processor

> The Roadie team can configure your backstage instance to auto discover catalog yaml files created in your github repositories. To do this, please contact one of us and we will be happy to configure it for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Roadie team can configure your Backstage instance to auto discover `catalog-info.yaml` files created in your GitHub repositories. To do this, please contact us via Slack and we will be happy to configure it for you.
```

Fixed some capitalization issues. `catalog-info.yaml` is the canonical name of the files so you can use that exact term.

> We will need a url pattern to discover the catalog files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will need a URL pattern to discover the catalog files.
```

```text
https://github.com/AcmeInc/*/blob/main/catalog-info.yaml
```

> You can use regular regex syntax in the repository name part of the github url as shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use regular regex syntax in the repository name part of the GitHub URL as shown above.
```
